The user interface consists of [3] tools:
	1. Button
	2. Combobox
	3. Text Input
	(4. Combobox Element)
	
General Information:

UI_Box is the abstract base class for any of the 3 UI-Boxes, the purpose of this class is to streamline the design of these tools, everybody consists out of: (A Location,
A Size (Width/Height), Display text, Hitbox, ID) so all these variables are all mandatory inheritated by any of the UI tools. The UI_Box is also the class that handles all the 
user input presses on any of the UItools. The UI_Box consists out of 1 abstract function Open, this is a function that every UI tool inheritages, the code here is the code that needs to 
excecute when the matching box is clicked.

We can split the UItools in 2 different types: Something that is clicked on and an action needs to happen: Button/ ComboBox Element. And the second type: Something when clicked on it needs
to stay open and something more needs to be done with it: ComboBox/ Text Input. The UI_ActiveBox is inheritated by all the UITools in the latter catagory. This Abstract class has some 
extra features such as an Abstract: Update / Close class. It also contains a list of the current active UItool instance, this list may only contain 1 item. This Class also contains a 
static function that only allows one UItool instance to be active at the time.


----------------------------------

Button

The Button is the simpelest UItool within the bunch, when its clicked on, a function needs to be used.

When creating a Button these Arguments are needed (? is optional) :
	-(Point) Location - The Location of where on the screen the button needs to be placed
	-?(int) Width - The width of the button, Standard : 50
	-?(int) Height - The Height of the button, Standard : 20
	-?(string) Text - The Text displayed on the button, Standard : " "
	-(string) ID - The buttons Identifier
	-(Func) Action - The delegate function the Button needs to run whenever it is pressed.

When the button is clicked, the Inheritant abstract Open() method is ran, this method executes the delegate function Action().

To link the button to a function or Action, Write in the class inwhich is action needs to be done a method which can handle everything whenever a button is pressed. 
then Parse this function in the Delegate function parameter.

-----------------------------------

Combobox

this UItool is a dropdown list. In its closed state it is a normal box with the currently selected item displayed in its text. When clicked upon however it opens up an reveals a List 
of all the other possibly selectable 